So in this section, we are going to focus on a few things.
The first thing we're going to look at is Scaffold, which is a UI structure that we can use in our
apps to structure our apps using material design.
And then we're going to look at navigation component, which is a very important set of tools that allows
us to create really amazing navigations and complex in applications in our Android apps.
And we're going to learn how to pass the data between screens using the navigation components.
Also, we're going to learn about lazy column, which is a way for us to show a list of items going
screen efficiently.
And if we're going to do all of these while building a movie app?
OK, so let's go ahead and get started.